[Joe]
Pre vious/y on
Cond or. . .
[Bob]
The weapon is made
of carbon fiber
reinforced therma/p/asﬁc
to evade metal detectors.
It reduces a liquid slurry
of the plague Virus.
I'm asking you questions
so that I can feel a little
less terrified.
I found 12 shell companies
that together bought
_ a billion dollars
In pharmaceutical stocks.
[Joe]
My entire ofﬁce
has been k/i/ed because of it.
[Ma/1y]
If I were Joe Turner,
this house would be
one of the safer places
that I could go.
_ You think someone _
tipped him off we were coming?
Did you warn Joe
Marty's team was on its way
to Katherine Hale's house?
-You really knew
Caleb Wolfe at MIT?
-[Joe] He was my best friend.
[ma/e newscaster]
Ca/eb l/l/o/fe
ls mak/ng bead/ines today.
IEP Analytics wasn ’t really
a tech company at a//.
It was a CIA front.
[theme music playing]
[woman on phone]
Mr. Fowler?
This Is M/ss Merch from
Mission l-l/l/ Retirement Home.
There’s been an incident
with your father.
[male newscaster]
. . .and intelligence services
around the globe
Is mak/ng headlines today.
The new revelations
In an onl/ne V/deo.
[Caleb]
There is a very good
reason that such an impressive
collection of geniuses
have such a dearth
of publicly-a va/lab/e work.
IEP Analytics wasn ’t really
a tech company at a//.
It was a CIA front.
IEP, just so happens,
was also the outfit with/n
the CIA
whose algorithm
first identiﬁed Ammar lVazari
[man on TV]
This ob vious/y isn ’t
what we imagine
when we think of the CIA,
computer scientists
in an office in Georgetown
writing algorithms.
These were not
field-operat/ves,
these were analysts,
hand-picked to come up
with out-of-the-boX solutions
to the country’s
toughest prob/ems.
Imagine the CIA ’5 version
of Goog/e )6
[man]
What might
Turner’s motives have been
to target such a place?
Do we have to assume that
this is related to the attack
on ComQuest F/e/d?
If Caleb Wolfe
or the authorities have
answers to those questions,
they’re not lett/ng on.
And how did Caleb Wolfe
come upon this information?
What were his motives
for releas/ng It?
[female expert]
Caleb Wolfe
/s an act/wst.
He’s a resource
for wh/st/eb/owers.
In this case,
we just don ’t know
who blew the wh/st/e.
[man on TV]
Turner and Wolfe
knew each other
wh/le they were both
grad students at MIT.
[female expert]
The two
smartest students at MIT
knowing each other
is hardly surpn'sing.
This guy goes online, and he
starts spread/ng a bunch
of pro vocative allegations
and it spreads through
the med/a l/ke wﬂdfire.
But I would just rem/nd
our prudent American
consumers of information. . .
-[Marty] I'm seeing it.
-[Reuel on phone]
I ’ve been
speaking to the director.
Now he's convinced
that it can't be
a connCIdence
that Joe Turner's old friend
Caleb Wolfe
has come up with information
relevant to our case.
Working theory around here
is that Turner joined
the agency as a Trojan horse.
And if so, might call Wolfe
for safe harbor.
And Wolfe’s network
could hide him Indefinite/y.
[Marty on phone]
The FBI
has been hunting Caleb Wolfe
for three years.
How do we use him
to find Turner?
Janice Haron.
Now she hasn't had any known
contact with Wolfe or Turner
since they left MIT, but, uh...
[punching in code]
As far as we know, she's clean.
The Bureau thinks that
she's still connected to Wolfe
and,uh".
If that's the case, then, uh,
she's the logical intermediary
between Wolfe and Turner.
Do you have someone
you can trust
to look into this?
[Marty] I'll take care of it.
How did Caleb Wolfe
come to be In possess/on
of such sensitive information
on a top-secret CIA project?
I th/nk the unexplored
poss/b/lity here, is that
this whole thing
Is a left-wing conspiracy
aimed to discredihng the CIA.
[sighs]
Who doesn't keep
an old cell phone or laptop
lying around the house?
Rick doesn't live here
full time, and Richard,
his dad, was 97 when he died.
He used to say, "I was born
after the Great War, before we
knew enough to number them."
[chuckles]
He was a total Luddite.
Only had a TV
because he liked CSI.
What if they didn't
stay in touch?
I mean, you're assuming
that if you got in touch
with Janice,
she could put you in touch
with Caleb, but maybe
they're out of contact.
And, you know, even if
they weren't, why assume
that Caleb knows anything?
Well, Caleb obviously
knows something.
No one outside the CIA
was supposed to know
aboutIEP.
Maybe if we get together
we can learn something.
Okay, well,
we're wasting our time.
We're not gonna find
a cell phone or computer
in this house.
The police are gone.
I mean, you couldn't risk
being seen outside, but...
-No.
-You don't even know
what I was gonna say.
I'm not seeing anyone else
get hurt because of me.
Well, I'm not asking
your permission.
I'm no longer your hostage.
Didn't the CIA train you?
-Yeah, of course.
-We||, did they ever teach you
what to do if you're caught
behind enemy lines,
and you needed to trust
someone else
who could help you?
Trust them, no,
manipulate them, yeah.
Well, in this case,
you don't have to do that.
Listen, have you considered
that you might have some form
of Stockholm syndrome?
-[Kathy] Of course.
-And?
I liked you
before you took me hostage.
Yeah, Kathy, I like you too,
which is why I cannot
let you do this.
Look, I don't know a lot about
this kind of stuff,
but it would seem to me
that you're fighting an enemy
who's got you
pretty out-matched.
And the only way
you're gonna survive
is if you use every weapon
at your disposal.
[Kathy]
You can turn around now.
This is a bad idea.
[dramatic music playing]
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah?
[Marty on phone]
Where are you?
Katherine hale's house.
[Marty] ,
You have a new ass/gnment.
He's close. I can feel it.
[Marty]
Don ’t argue, dear.
[newscaster]
Police are now
also search/ng for a Georgetown
resident Kather/ne Hale,
who they figure may be
Turner’s latest victim.
That's $33.95,
and I'll need to see some ID.
-ID?
-That's the law.
-Why?
-Terrorists.
Well, look,
I don't have a license.
A passport or a library card
would do.
Uh, I don't have
my wallet with me.
-Then, I can't help you.
-Wait, no. I need it
to call my sister.
-It doesn't matter
who you have to call.
-She's coming to get me.
ID.
The reason I don't have
my license,
or my credit cards
is because my husband
took them from me.
Or maybe we should
call the police.
He's a cop.
Shit.
[Kathy] Please help me.
[indistinct chattering]
[speaking in Arabic]
New laptop case, Nathan?
Yeah, I mentioned to
my daughter that I needed
a new one.
She broke open her piggy bank
and bought it for me.
What did you tell her
when she gave it to you?
The truth.
I told her it was
the most beautiful laptop case
I'd ever seen,
and that I would
cherish it always.
Better man than I am.
Uh, you're not coming up?
No.
[elevator dings]
[dramatic music playing]
[watcher] I've got eyes
on the asset in Saudi.
[Joe sighs]
[door opens]
[Kathy] I got it.
[children giggling in distance]
[man]
Your friend from MIT
was on the news.
[Janice]
He's been on the news all day.
No, your other friend.
The one you didn't sleep with.
Caleb?
-Yeah.
-What's he gotta say?
Uh, he said that
Joe Turner was in the CIA.
-Really?
-Yeah, I DVR'd it for you.
The government would
have you believe
they were just ciwl/ans
caught in a shooting,
but that’s not the real story.
They were American
service members,
and they were targeted.
Can you believe that?
I guess you can never
really tell who someone is.
-Hmm.
-[cell phone vibrates]
-Hello?
-[Joe on phone]
This a bad time?
It's work.
Why are you calling me?
I need to see Caleb.
Yeah, but why
are you call/ng me?
Because you're the only
person who can get in touch
with him, Janice.
I don't talk to Caleb anymore,
and you're a fugitive
from the law.
Just talking to you
on the phone
I can get disbarred.
Janice, you know I didn't
kill anyone, okay?
No, I don't know
shit about you!
We used to know each other
a long t/me ago,
but that was a long time ago.
And then you jo/ned the CIA.
How is she?
Who?
The woman
you're holding hostage.
Is she all right?
Kathy? Yeah, she's fine.
Turn yourself in.
IfI do, they will kill me.
Do it in a very public place.
They, they shot
Lee Harvey Oswald
on TV, Janice.
Well, then, I guess
you're out of options.
Janice, I...
I know some stuff.
Stuff that Caleb
will wanna hear.
-[Janice]
Wish I could help.
-[Joe]
You can.
Janice, if we don ’t do
anything, someth/ng awful
Is gonna happen.
Please, Janice.
I'll wait for your call.
[disconnects]
[sighs]
-[electronic beeping]
-[door beeps open]
[suspenseful music playing]
[watcher]
Red l/ght.
[elevator dings]
[watcher] Hallway is clear.
[beeps and door opens]
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
[clears throat]
[Marty] Shepard!
[indistinct chatter continues]
[clears throat]
Bob Partridge has someone
working inside this office,
sabotaging my investigation.
Who's Bob Partridge?
Bob Partridge is a senior
CIA officer
and Joe Turner's mentor.
And you think Partridge is--
Well, I've been looking
into your files,
and it doesn't seem like
you've ever done anything
like this before.
And... Wait, do you think
that I'm...
I wanna know how it is
that you got a55igned
to my team.
I do not know Bob Partridge.
I asked my superior
for reassignment.
Why?
Because I am capable of doing
more than what I was doing.
I need to know
who I can trust in this office.
You can trust me.
Good.
[Joe as a ch/ld]
My father
didn ’t believe in hunt/ng.
No, he didn't
like hunting personally,
but he believed in it.
In its necessity.
You mean culling?
If you don't cull,
the quantity
of the population
and the food supplies dwindle,
then a lot more deer die.
And they die
a lot more painfully.
It's not entirely clear to me.
Do you mean to tell me that
you wouldn't push one person
_ under the tracks
if you knew that it would save
five people at the station?
No.
What about if it was 10 people?
-No.
-What about if it was
a bad person?
You're talking about
human lives
like they are trading cards.
[Bob]
How many lives
would it take
to make you wﬂ/ing
to trade
a single human life?
There is no number.
How can you say that?
If you don't pick a number,
you can't lower it.
[Bob chuckles]
Do you see it?
[Joe] Yeah.
[gun cocks]
[gunshot]
How did you get to be
so self-assured, huh?
You're a special kid.
You could be a great service
to the world one day.
How?
That's not for me to decide.
[unlocks door]
[Bob exhales]
Bob Partridge.
What do I call you
just for conversation?
Why are you in my car?
We're both
watching Janice Haron,
hoping she leads us
to Joe Turner.
Marty thinks
you have an inside man
on our team.
Are you supposed
to be telling me that?
If I'm telling you something
you already know,
what does it matter?
Marty, huh? You two close?
Not as close as you used to be.
[chuckles]
Did she tell you that?
I heard it almost ended
your marriage.
A spy's wife
catches him cheating.
[keyboard clacking]
-[knock on door]
-Come in.
Ma'am, I've been trying
to gain access
to the IEP computers,
but I can't get
a straight answer about
what happened to them.
The IEP computers
were classified.
Why? What did you think
you'd find on them?
[sighs]
I'm not sure I understand
why Joe Turner would've done
what we think he did.
What's your theory?
The people who worked here were
given the freedom and resources
to do whatever they wanted,
to look at
any dark corner, and...
Maybe one of them
found something they weren't
supposed to,
and that's why
they were targeted?
So, Joe Turner was the sole
innocent to make it out
of here alive?
I know it's a stretch.
No. It's smart.
I mean, frankly, we don't know
what happened here, right?
So, yes, it is best
not to get overly-attached
to any one narrative.
Tell you what.
I'll put in a request
to Langley, and try and get
access to those computers.
-Thank you.
-Now, you should call it
a night and get some rest.
Yes, ma'am.
Take the alley.
You don't wanna
run into that crowd.
What crowd?
[Marty] It's touching that
people have come out to mourn.
Human life has no value,
but the human dead,
they celebrate.
This world is fucked.
[exhales deeply]
[indistinct chattering]
Dr. and Mrs. Tan?
I'm Sharla.
I knew your daughter.
-[gasp51
-We had no idea.
[Mrs. Tan]
She wasn't allowed to tell us.
Had I known, I would have told
her how proud I was of her.
She was a very good friend.
One of the finest people
that I have ever known.
And I truly loved her.
[sobbing]
[Kathy] If they were
willing to kill everyone
in your office,
maybe this wasn't
such a good idea.
What wasn't such a good idea?
Getting you the phone.
Oh, it was a terrible idea.
And all I had
was bad options, so...
What if she does call back?
Well, I'll answer.
Find out what Caleb knows,
tell him what I know.
Try to figure out
what the fuck is going on.
Then?
Well, fight.
-Fight?
-Yeah.
The CIA?
Well, it's, it's probably
not the whole CIA, Kathy,
but, you know...
Yeah... Yeah, just a few
should't_ have too much trouble
givmg you a problem.
You know what?
A couple of them have been
trying to kill me
for the last two days
and yet, here I am.
Even you have to be surprised
you're alive.
You know,
when I joined the CIA,
I thought I could change things
from the inside.
But I was wrong.
You chose what you thought
was the harder path.
Nobility is in the intention.
There's nothing noble about
turning my back on a problem
I may have helped create.
What happened
wasn't your fault.
I mean, one of the other people
in your office could have found
those 12 companies, then what?
You have survivor's guilt, Joe.
Your sin is you're alive.
Come on, Kathy.
Is that your Psych 101 pitch?
Why do something
that's gonna get you killed?
Because if I don't, a whole
lot of people are going to die.
[speaking in Arabic]
[overlapping chatter]
[beeps]
[watcher] Look who's here.
[sighs]
[watcher] Target's in position.
[speaking in Arabic]
Green light.
[dramatic music playing]
[clicks]
[air hissing]
[watcher] Hallway is clear.
[door beeps open]
[door closes]
[clicks]
Hallway is clear.
[Bob] Can I ask you a question?
Why are you pursuing
Joe Turner?
You don't really believe
he just up and killed everyone
in his office, do you?
At the very least,
he was working
with the people who did.
Why would a person like that
just snap?
I don't know.
But it happens.
Maybe it's all of this.
For two million years,
we spent most of our time
just keeping ourselves alive...
Killing the food we needed
to keep us from starving,
building shelter
so we wouldn't freeze,
fighting our enemies
to protect what was ours.
Now we spend our days
doing jobs we don't care about,
so we can spend our nights
in front of a television that
tells us to go online
and buy things,
things we don't need,
using money we never see
or touch,
yet it enslaves us.
We've left the real world
for an imaginary one,
and it's made us crazy.
_Didn't it also make us
into a CIVIlized soaety?
No.
It's made us America.
[line ringing]
-[cell phone ringing]
-[Joe] Oh, shit!
Hello?
II D", "X",
"Y", "5 15" I
Thank you.
Wait, what's that mean?
It's a cipher.
[Joe]
We used
to use it in school.
It’s an address.
Janice is sett/ng up
a meeting for me and Caleb.
You don't have to do this, Joe.
I work for one of the top
law firms in the country.
We have a lot of
political clout.
We represent congressmen,
_ three of the five
liVing ex-preSIdents.
I could bring you in.
We'd be with you
every step of the way.
I guarantee it.
Why do you give a shit?
I mean, you hardly know me,
and for half the time
you have known me,
you thought I was crazy.
Why do you care?
Going to that store today
was the first time
that I didn't choose
the safest option.
Because that's what
I have always done,
made my decisions
based on fear.
You were the first
unplanned thing that's
happened in my adult life.
And I have no idea
what's gonna happen next.
Kathy.
But if you walk out that door,
I know you're gonna die.
There is nothing noble
about being killed.
You know, I'm fucking sick
of seeing the truth twisted.
IfI can do something
about it, I'm gonna
do something about it.
You don't even know
what the truth is.
No, but what I do know
is that those people
didn't blink an eye
at killing my friends
to protect
whatever the truth is.
[Bob] You know,
she may not even go anywhere.
What if she does go somewhere
and leads us to your boy?
Then we'll bring him in.
Enough of my kids have died
already this week.
[sighs] Now, when I leave,
you give it two hours.
-Then what?
-Then you run out
the front door,
you scream your fucking head
off, you go to a neighbor's
and you call the cops.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Now, the feds are gonna
interview you.
You were bound and gagged.
We never spoke.
I never said a word to you.
That way they can't
trip you up on your story.
-Why?
-Because, Kathy, you're not
gonna know who you can trust.
The only person you can trust
is Bob Partridge.
-How will I ﬁnd him?
-He'|| find you.
Maybe right away.
You do everything he says.
-Got it?
-Got it.
Okay.
That's it.
Kathy, there's one more thing
you need to know.
There is a woman,
and she picked me up
the night after we met
at a bar.
She told me that
some fucking guy
was harassing her.
We went back to my place,
and the next day,
she tried to kill me.
And I'm pretty sure
she killed everyone
in my office.
-You slept with the woman
that shot you?
-Kathy, please listen.
She has long black hair, okay?
Dark brown eyes,
she sounds Middle-Eastern,
uh, Arabic, maybe Israeli.
If you come across her,
you fucking run.
Okay?
-Okay.
-All right.
Why do you have to be the one
to fight people like that?
Listen, you rub this against
something sharp.
You make it look legit.
Are you really that smart?
Obviously not.
[Joe breathing heavily]
[female newscaster]
In the Middle East;
two m/l/ion Muslims
all over the world
are con verg/ng on Saudi Arabia
this week for the Hajj.
Babe, I gotta go.
I have some work
I need to deal with.
Well, it's 9:00 at night.
Yeah, it's, uh...
I may not come home at all.
That's fucking ominous.
Is everything okay?
You're stoned.
Ijust mean I might
crash on the office couch.
You need to take care of
yourself, honey, so you can
take care of everyone else.
Thank you, babe.
-Love you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[car engine starts]
[man] ...courage to change
the things I can
[all] and wisdom to know
the difference.
Welcome, everyone,
my name's Frank,
and I'm an alcoholic.
-[a|l] Hi, Frank.
-Bef_ore I introduce
tonight's speaker,
I wanna thank Marissa
for setting up the chairs,
Aiden for bringing the cookies,
and John for the refreshments.
-[a|l] Thanks, John.
-[Frank] Welcome.
[indistinct chattering]
If he does show up,
how do you wanna play this?
I'll walk over and I'll ask him
to get in the car.
What if he runs?
He won't run.
Not from me.
[chuckles]
[siren wailing]
[suspenseful music playing]
I can get
myself home from here.
Nice meeting you, Bob.
Yeah.
_ It was nice _
meeting you too, Gabrielle.
I know who you are.
Israeli Special Forces.
Kinetic scores off the charts,
especially for a person
with your small stature.
Only problem was
you were psychologically
unstable...
Borderline personality
disorder,
a morbid fascination
with death,
a possible nymphomaniac.
I had never seen that
on a file before today.
And really, you cannot
make that shit up. So...
Special Forces discharged you.
Mossad wouldn't have anything
to do with you, but we...
We took you on.
An Arab Israeli who joins
an occupying forces army,
what does that say about her?
You have an excellent record.
But four years ago...
[sighs]
Your relationship
with the agency appears
to just end, and I
can't find a trace of you
anywhere since.
So my question is,
what the hell have you
been doing for the last
four years
that is so fucking sensitive
I can't know about it?
If you're not working for us,
who are you working for?
Who sent you here?
That's three questions.
If someone kills my kids,
I'm gonna come after them.
[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
[speaking in Arabic]
[Nathan ]
The prelim/nary stages
are complete.
Abu-Saeed has been infected.
The delivery man is en route
to meet with his friends _
from the mosque for their trip.
We're working on that.
The other asset
is embedded
with a special task force unit
hunting Turner.
Yes, sir.
[door opens in distance]
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chattering]
[Frank] Okay,
thanks for sharing, Billy.
Okay, that's all the time
we have.
Before we close, does anyone
have a burning desire?
I mean, anyone feel like
they're gonna use?
Anyone?
[sighs]
Hey.
Sharla, right?
Figured you'd found
some other bar.
I've been sober for two years.
Well, you're in luck,
we just got ourselves
a new coffee machine.
Shot of 1942.
It's good coffee.
On me.
Another.
[door opens and closes]
Caleb sent me.
And where is Caleb?
Not here.
-Is he coming?
-No.
Then who the fuck are you?
I'm the guy who can take you
to see Caleb.
[rhythmic music playing]
You look familiar to me.
Where do I know you from?
-I'm Bradley Cooper.
-[chuckles]
I'm Allen.
-[Sharla] Allen?
-Yeah.
Can I get
one of your cigarettes?
First, I gotta search you.
You know what?
I think I can
save you the time.
Can I get another?
Please? Thank you.
Do you like Tequila?
Can I buy you that shot?
A romantic.
I still gotta search you, man.
I gotta get you
to strip down first.
-Are you fucking serious?
-It's just business, man.
I'm not looking
for a relationship
or anything here.
[upbeat music playing]
Oh, baby, you smell so fine.
How do I know
you even know Caleb?
He said he used
to call you Rico.
[moaning]
Oh, baby!
[muttering indistinctly]
What's wrong? What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What, seriously?
[Derek] Here.
The fuck are those?
You'll be up in an hour,
no headache.
-No.
-This isn't a negotiation, man.
No, come on, baby, come on.
I said no.
I made a mistake.
Caleb has as much of a reason
to wanna see me as I do
to see him.
-These are my orders, man.
-Yeah?
Fuck your orders.
Fucking cock-tease.
Yeah, and you're a limp-dick
piece of shit who can only get
pussy off a drunk woman.
Fuck you.
Touch me again
and I will put you
in the fucking hospital.
Okay, okay. You don't have
to take this shit
if you don't want to.
But you're gonna wear
a hood once you're inside
the van, okay?
-Sure, whatever.
-All right. Right this way.
[grunting]
[muffled grunting]
[yells]
[coughing]
Hello!
Caleb!
Let me the fuck out!
[theme music playing]